[New Blog post] Easily Build and Share ROCm Kernels with Hugging Face (#3169)
huggingface/blog: build-rocm-kernels.md

In this guide, we focus on **ROCm-compatible kernels** and walk you through the process of building, testing, and sharing them. You’ll learn how to use **[kernel-builder](https://github.com/huggingface/kernel-builder/tree/main)** to create kernels that run efficiently on AMD GPUs, while following best practices for reproducibility, packaging, and deployment.

This guide walks you through the complete process of building custom ROCm kernels with [**kernel-builder**](https://github.com/huggingface/kernel-builder/tree/main) 🤗.

> *Note* : This guide is based on the original kernel-builder guide. In this version, I focus specifically on ROCm-only kernels and go straight to the point. You can find the general guide here:  [A Guide to Building and Scaling Production-Ready CUDA Kernels](https://huggingface.co/blog/kernel-builder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we focus exclusively on ROCm-compatible kernels and show how to build, test, and share them using [kernel-builder](https://github.com/huggingface/kernel-builder/tree/main). You’ll learn how to create kernels that run efficiently on AMD GPUs, along with best practices for reproducibility, packaging, and deployment.

This ROCm-specific walkthrough is a streamlined version of the original kernel-builder guide. If you’re looking for the broader CUDA-focused version, you can find it here: [A Guide to Building and Scaling Production-Ready CUDA Kernels](https://huggingface.co/blog/kernel-builder).
```

Reviewer: I'm trying to remove the repetition of "this guide"
